SOURCE EXTRACT — for verification only. Visible text of the page, HTML stripped. Not edited.
Source id:      rhus-public-page-2026-10-03
Title:          Remote Health USA | The first US health plan built for startups | SafetyWing
Publisher:      SafetyWing
URL:            https://safetywing.com/remote-health-us
Accessed:       2026-10-03
Note:           FAQ answers appear after the footer in page order because of how the page renders them.

Remote Health USA | The first US health plan built for startups | SafetyWing
Products
Community
Tools
About us
🇺🇸 You are viewing US plans Switch to Global
USA
The first US health plan built for startups
No deductible, coinsurance, or provider copays on Cigna's premium nationwide network
Talk to a human
Rewriting the rules of healthcare
Nationwide coverage
Cover everyone from coast to coast under one PPO health plan
No surprise bills
No deductible, coinsurance or provider copays on Cigna's premium network
24/7 human support
We respond immediately at any time, before and during your partnership with us
Cigna
Search provider network
Trusted since 2019
Built by a startup for startups, Remote Health is tested and proven with 2,000+ companies
Cigna’s national network
Powered by Cigna’s trusted PPO network, with access to care at over 55,000 locations across the U.S.
Frequently asked questions
Contact us
Ready to equip your crew for the mission ahead?
Talk to a human
This program offers employer-sponsored, self-funded health plans pursuant to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), with integrated medical stop-loss coverage. These are not traditional insurance plans. The stop-loss insurance only protects the plan sponsor's financial obligations, not individual employees, and is underwritten by Roundstone (CA Lic. No. 0H65130). Claims and plan administration are handled by Bywater (CA TPA No. 6003851). SafetyWing is not an insurance company, broker, or TPA. Our role is to help employers access a modern, streamlined setup for offering healthcare benefits to their teams. We provide informational materials, support, and plan design tools, but we do not underwrite or administer plans in any U.S. state or territory. Please refer to the official Summary Plan Description (SPD) and stop-loss policy for full terms and details.
San Francisco, USA
About us
Team
Contact us
Join our team
Become an Ambassador
Products
Nomad Insurance Essential
Nomad Insurance Complete
Remote Health
Embedded Remote Health
Nomad Citizen
Legal
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Social
©2026, Safety Nest, Inc. All rights reserved.
What’s covered and what’s excluded?
Your plan includes comprehensive in-network coverage for hospitalizations, surgeries, ER visits, outpatient care, mental health, screenings and vaccines, maternity, and prescription drugs (with a $10–$50 co-pay). It also covers up to 20 sessions each of acupuncture and chiropractics. Other than the prescription drug co-pay, there are no deductibles, co-insurance or provider co-pays if you stay within the Cigna network. The coverage matches, and in several areas exceeds, what’s typically included in U.S. employer-sponsored PPO plans.
Exclusions include:
Cosmetic surgery
Dental or vision care (unless you add the extra dental & vision coverage)
Infertility treatment
Long-term care
Non-emergency care when traveling outside the U.S.
Routine foot care, such as nail trimming and callus removal
Do members have to stay within a network?
No, but it’s strongly recommended in order to avoid paying a deductible and coinsurance.
Your plan uses the Cigna PPO network, which includes over 55,000 providers nationwide. When you use in-network providers:
You don’t need to file claims, providers bill the plan directly
There’s no deductible, co-insurance, or provider co-pays
The only cost is a $10–$50 prescription co-pay
If you see an out-of-network provider:
You’re responsible for a $1,000 deductible ($3,500 for a family), then up to 30% co-insurance
Your individual total out-of-pocket expenses are capped at $2,000 ($7,000 for a family)
The provider may or may not bill the plan directly. If they don’t, you’ll need to submit a claim for reimbursement
You may also face balance billing if the provider charges above the plan’s allowed rate
To avoid surprise bills and additional unnecessary costs, we strongly recommend using in-network care whenever possible. Find in-network providers here
.
Can I cover my contractors or part-time employees?
Not yet. This plan currently only covers full-time employees . Contractors (e.g., 1099) and part-time employees are not eligible for coverage, although this is something we are exploring.
Are there any deductibles, coinsurance, or co-pays I should know about?
If you stay in-network, there are no deductibles, co-insurance, or provider co-pays. The only exception is a $10-$50 co-pay for prescriptions.
For out-of-network services, there is a $1,000 deductible ($3,500 for a family), up to 30% co-insurance, and $2,000 out-of-pocket maximum ($7,000 for a family).
Can family members be added as well?
Yes, unlimited family members can be added!
The price is capped at 3 total members at the same rates, meaning that you only pay for up to three people (including the employee), even if you add more family members.